Why are we using source control in this class?
we are using Git so that we can have a "backup" of our code living off the virtual machines in case our VM dies, and so that we can have a copy of our code after the class is over.

How is source control used by teams of developers working on the same code base?
Teams of developers use source control to have many developers collaborate on the same code base. 
Parallel versions of the code base are "cloned" on each developers machine and changes are periodically 
integrated into the shared copy ("origin") version of the code base. 
There are many strategies for keeping the code base integrated, including branching strategies and 
trunk-based development. 

What is meant by the "origin" in the repository?
"Origin" is a conventional term to "knight" or "bless" a single copy (clone) of a repository as the one that is authoritative. Git has no concept of this inherent in it's design. It's all anarchy, hippy free-love. Every copy of the repository is just as good as another, but when humans work, we need one to be sort of "in charge".

Why do we create commits locally?
We create commits locally in preparation for merging our code into the origin. 
Local commits give us lots of things - like an "undo" history should we need to back out of a coding decision, 
but also serve as documentation for the code changes we've made.

Why do we push those commits to GitHub?
The commits are pushed to github to integrate them into the origin copy so other developers 
have access to our code. Some repositories require you to create a special request to the owners of the 
repository called a "pull request" that gives the repository owners a chance to review your commits 
before integrating them into the origin's main branch.

What were the steps, as detailed as you like, that we took to create our repository and push it to Github.
Git init command, added the existing code to the "staged" section of git with git add ., 
and then created a local commit git commit -m "Commit Message". 
Use used the Github CLI (Command Line Interface) to create a repository under our Github accounts 
and push our commits to that repository. (gh repo create).

What is meant by the term "Service" in software development?
Service is just a thingy that does stuff
